docs: clarify payouts are held, not paused, during review (#12126)
polarsource/polar: docs/features/finance/payouts.mdx

  <Accordion title="Can I use my personal bank account to receive payouts?">
    For individual accounts, yes. For business accounts, you will need a business bank account.
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Why does my payout say 'Held'?">

>     You can always request a payout. We review accounts continuously, so a request made during one shows as "Held" for a few days, then pays out automatically. See [Account Reviews](/merchant-of-record/account-reviews) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can request a payout at any time. [Account Reviews](/merchant-of-record/account-reviews) are a normal part of how we operate, so if your account happens to be under review when you request one, the payout shows as "Held" until you are reviewed, then is paid out automatically.
```
